Slide 1

Introduce ourselves, say we will be pitching as if they are UK Games fund

Slide 2

Say who we are and say our tag line

Slide 3

Go with what the slide says

Slide 4

Our game is... say tag line

Slide 5

CyberFocus is set in the future where players play as a Cyborg which gives them the ability to wall run and other ways of overcoming challenges.

One of the main features of the game is the ability to parkour. By having this mixed with gunplay, we beleive
it creates a fun and creative ways for players to approach different scenarios and choose how they want to approach them. Giving them a sense of freedom
while playing not only makes the game less linear but gives the player freedom by having the ability to get around challenging enemies and reach points of advantage.

We have also come up with a hook mechanic which allows players to hook to specific points to gain an advantage over their enemies.
Having this alongside fast paced wall running is what we beleive will make the levels more creative and enjoyable to experience.

Slide 6 - Time Control

Time control is the biggest feature of our game. Players will have the ability to slow down time and time shots, deodge bullets and get out of difficult situations similar to games such as SuperHot.
Mixed with Parkour, We beleive this is innovative because it brings a new twist to a modern classic.


By the press of a button, players will enter slow motion and be able to experience combat an traversing levels in a fun and exiting ways that will feel drastically different
to playing the game in normal time as they can interact with levels by using slow motion.

Players will have a Focus meter that they will need to manage and replenish in order to enter slow motion. This adds an extra layer of difficulty and planning for players.

Games on the market such as Mirrors edge and Titanfall are both very popular, mainly 
due to the parkour mechanics mixed with gun play. With CyberFocus, we hope players find 
the controls familiar from playing games like these and take away a new experience after playing

Slide 7

The combat in CyberFocus will be real time. Player will only be able to fire wepons and fight enemies in gun fights with a range of weapons to choose from to keep the game intersting and fun.

Each wepon will have advantages and disadvatages over different enemy types.

By using slow motion with gunplay, players can defeat difficult enemies by using it to their advantage to hit enemy weakspots.

Players will be able to replenish health and ammo by finding pickups scattered throught the level


